there seems to be a lot of fascination
about the relationship between Tony
Stark and Bruce Banner who obviously
have a lot in common both being geniuses
there's a website that people have been
posting artwork that that's nice science
grows there's somebody else's airbrushed
this and you can see you guys just kind
of powering around and hanging out every
month these are
[Laughter]
[Applause]
another day on set yeah I would like to
see a romantic comedy of some kind by
the way you guys aren't the only ones
that get this treatment this is I know
you'll like this this is
[Laughter]
[Applause]
nothing man canceling about that
yeah